Controlling Network Access
--------------------------

.. note:: This feature required Professional or Enterprise Edition

Based on the information collected through the network sensor and the agent, a policy can be established to restrict network use to the non-compliant device.
Enforcement policies can be applied in a variety of ways. Genian NAC provides the following methods.

**ARP Poisoning**

The Network Sensor can manipulate ARP packets to control access by intercepting and filtering all packets coming from unauthorized nodes.

Controlling network access according to the status of devices in the internal network has always been a challenge. Setting ACLs on routers to control access between internal networks can provide only a simple access control. 

ACLs can be difficult to enforce in a DHCP environment where devices move frequently or devices that use IP change frequently. Moreover, access control between multiple devices connected to the same subnet is the most challenging task and there are not many solutions.

A possible choice is to apply the Port based Access Control function using 802.1x to the switch port to which the terminal is connected. However, 802.1x can be expensive, requiring large network configuration changes, such as replacing it with a supported device and replacing it with the same manufacturer's product for ease of management.

In addition, because all network devices do not support 802.1x, manual configuration is frequently required for each switch port connected. In an enormous enterprise network, setting an exception or MAC address for 802.1x for each switch port will cause a very large management problem, which will take a very long time to deploy and manage.

Another option is to use network access control with ARP Poisoning. ARP Poisoning uses the characteristics of the ARP protocol to allow a device to perform access control by intercepting packets generated by impersonating the other party when the other party obtains the MAC through an ARP request. Genian NAC performs ARP Poisoning using the following procedure.

- The device to be blocked generates an ARP request.
- Respond to the request with the MAC of the network sensor.
- The device to be blocked transmits the packet to the network sensor.
- The network sensor drops according to the access control policy or delivers it to the actual destination.

In order to prevent bypass ARP poisoning by setting static ARP on the blocking target device, bidirectional poisoning function is provided to control the reply packet generated from the communication target such as gateway, and static ARP setting can be blocked through Agent.

Genian NAC has a built-in RADIUS server for 802.1x and ARP poisoning via network sensor, so users can select and use it according to their network environment.


**802.1x (RADIUS)**

Genian NAC can act as a RADIUS Server to control 802.1x port access and MAC authentication.

**DHCP**

Genian NAC can act as a DHCP Server allowing only authorized MAC Addresses to get an IP Address on the network.

**Switch Port Shutdown**

Genian NAC can shutdown a Switch Port using SNMP when detecting an unauthorized node on the network. It 

**Agent Action**

Agents provide Network Interface Shutdown, Wireless Connection Block, PC Shutdown and Notification plugins to help control devices directly.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   controlling/configuring-networksensor
   controlling/ipam-networkaccess
   controlling/nodegroup-networkaccess
   controlling/switchport-block